---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Obsidian mobile shenanigans and Future site updates"
description: "Cool blog, now with a bit of sauce"
pubDate: "December 22 2022"
id: 11
draft: true
---

# wow station blog update!!1!11

I hope nothing breaks!!1!1!1

Let's start with some future updates that I am going to make to the site.

## cusdis? More like ~~Deez nuts~~

I always wanted to have a comment system on my blog, so I can receive feedback and support from you guys (if someone actually reads the blog) in a more comfortable and efficient way.

Since the start of this blog, I used cusdis, an open source discus alternative that is really new. But this approach doesn't work, since I have to confirm comments manually and the theme support is basically nonexistent.

So I have found a solution to this problem: Giscus

Giscus is GitHub discussions, but for comments. I liked GitHub discussions since it released and now that there is an alternative that uses it as a backend it pretty neat! In fact, a friend of mine uses it on [her site](https://me.lea.pet/posts/) and it looks really clean!

Later tomorrow (or today) you will see Giscus instead of Cusdis as the comment frontend. Please note that Giscus uses GitHub OAuth, meaning that you need to have a GitHub account in order to comment on a post.

## Colours! (Or the lack of them really)

As I said in the "Getting Started" post, this blog uses a template as a base. It's not original, and it looks really corporate looking (In my opinion).

So I want to bring a bit of life to this blog by adding more colours to the primary theme!

I also want to add light mode support, because there is always that one user who is using light mode 24/7 because they can't see anything.

I will also redesign bits of the navigation bar and the footer to be more *responsive* (fuck mobile responsiveness) to smaller screen sizes.

# Obsidian on the go

Now onto talking about how I am writing all this recent blogs, mainly the last one.

## Git? On my phone? I am in.

Thanks to the "Obsidian Git" plugin, I can sync changes from my computer to my phone and vice Versa. Allowing me to write drafts on my phone, proofread and publish it on my laptop without any complications. 

In fact, 90% of this article is written entirely on my phone, the other 10% is just me doing some small changes to add some ***format ✨*** to it.

## Idea? Draft it.

Using the `draft` feature in my blog, I can make a certain article not show until it's marked as complete.

So no incomplete articles should appear on your [RSS feed](https://blog.stationarystation.vercel.app/rss.xml) (Yes, I do have a RSS feed for this blog that you can subscribe to with whatever feed agregator you use)